# Jersey Chai ?
The Jersey Inventory and Sales Management System is a desktop application designed for jersey and sportswear business.it helps their daily operations.in today’s competitive market, managing sales, inventory, and employee activities. Manual Processes are time consuming, it takes time and adds to the workload write sales and inventory updates in registers or Excel sheets, also Inaccuracies in customer billing or stock entries can damage the company's finances and erode customer confidence .It is challenging for store owners or administrators to keep an eye on employees' activities in real time without a centralized. This system provides an integrated, role-based solution that enhances productivity, improves accuracy, and ensures smooth coordination among our three different users which are admin, manager and employee.
Our system has a Login page that directs users to their respective dashboards based on their assigned roles. Every users have their different dashboard where the can do their specific task easily. In this system our Admin can control others users activates from his dashboard, including managing users, adding and deleting products, and generating reports on total sales, product counts, and inventory status. All the Managers can maintain stock, update inventory, and approve restock requests from employees in this system. All he Employees handles day-to-day sales operations, manages inventory data, processes customer purchases. Also employee can update his personal information.
The Jersey Inventory and Sales Management System can help minimizes manual effort of shop. Also will reduces operational errors in business, it will also provide a structured approach to business management. Also it can help owners to keep an eye on their shop sells and employees activity in his shop. The owner can save huge time from this system— making it an efficient tool for small and medium-sized jersey or apparel businesses to manage their operations effectively.

